again there was a day when the sons of
again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before
God came to present themselves before
God came to present themselves before the Lord and Satan came also among them
the Lord and Satan came also among them
the Lord and Satan came also among them to present himself before the Lord and
to present himself before the Lord and
to present himself before the Lord and the Lord said to Satan from where do you
the Lord said to Satan from where do you
the Lord said to Satan from where do you come from going to and fro on the earth
come from going to and fro on the earth
come from going to and fro on the earth and from walking back and forth audience
and from walking back and forth audience
and from walking back and forth audience have you considered my servant job that
have you considered my servant job that
have you considered my servant job that there is none like him on the earth a
there is none like him on the earth a
there is none like him on the earth a blameless and upright man one who fears
blameless and upright man one who fears
blameless and upright man one who fears God and shuns evil and still he holds
God and shuns evil and still he holds
God and shuns evil and still he holds fast to his integrity although you
fast to his integrity although you
fast to his integrity although you incited me against him to destroy him
incited me against him to destroy him
incited me against him to destroy him without cause skin for skin yes all that
without cause skin for skin yes all that
without cause skin for skin yes all that a man has he will give for his life but
a man has he will give for his life but
a man has he will give for his life but stretch out your hand now and touch his
stretch out your hand now and touch his
stretch out your hand now and touch his bone and flesh and he will surely curse
bone and flesh and he will surely curse
bone and flesh and he will surely curse you to your face behold he is in your
you to your face behold he is in your
you to your face behold he is in your hand but spare his life
hand but spare his life
hand but spare his life so Satan went out from the presence of
so Satan went out from the presence of
so Satan went out from the presence of the Lord and struck Joe with painful
the Lord and struck Joe with painful
the Lord and struck Joe with painful boils from the sole of his foot to the
boils from the sole of his foot to the
boils from the sole of his foot to the crown of his head
crown of his head
crown of his head and he took for himself a potsherd with
and he took for himself a potsherd with
and he took for himself a potsherd with which to scrape himself while he sat in
which to scrape himself while he sat in
which to scrape himself while he sat in the midst of the ashes and his wife said
the midst of the ashes and his wife said
the midst of the ashes and his wife said to him
to him
to him do you still hold fast to your integrity
do you still hold fast to your integrity
do you still hold fast to your integrity curse God and die you speak as one of
curse God and die you speak as one of
curse God and die you speak as one of the foolish women speaks shall we indeed
the foolish women speaks shall we indeed
the foolish women speaks shall we indeed accept good from God and shall we not
accept good from God and shall we not
accept good from God and shall we not accept adversity in all this job did not
accept adversity in all this job did not
accept adversity in all this job did not sin with his lips now when jobs three
sin with his lips now when jobs three
sin with his lips now when jobs three friends heard of all this adversity that
friends heard of all this adversity that
friends heard of all this adversity that had come upon him each one came from his
had come upon him each one came from his
had come upon him each one came from his own place Elif as fatima night bildad
own place Elif as fatima night bildad
own place Elif as fatima night bildad the shuhite and zophar the neophyte
the shuhite and zophar the neophyte
the shuhite and zophar the neophyte for they had made an appointment
for they had made an appointment
for they had made an appointment together to come and mourn with him and
together to come and mourn with him and
together to come and mourn with him and to comfort him and when they raised
to comfort him and when they raised
to comfort him and when they raised their eyes from afar and did not
their eyes from afar and did not
their eyes from afar and did not recognize him they lifted their voices
recognize him they lifted their voices
recognize him they lifted their voices and wept and each one tore his robe and
and wept and each one tore his robe and
and wept and each one tore his robe and sprinkled dust on his head toward heaven
sprinkled dust on his head toward heaven
sprinkled dust on his head toward heaven so they sat down with him on the ground
so they sat down with him on the ground
so they sat down with him on the ground seven days and seven nights and no one
seven days and seven nights and no one
seven days and seven nights and no one spoke a word team for they saw that his
spoke a word team for they saw that his
spoke a word team for they saw that his grief was very great
grief was very great
grief was very great [Music]